Add initial issuer.description tests. (#48)
w3c/vc-data-model-2.0-test-suite: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Add new tests for `issuer.name` including Internationalization settings.

> - Add a new test to ensure type urls are treated as a unordered set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new test to ensure type URLs are treated as an unordered set.
```

> - Add new tests for `issuer.description` including Internationalization settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new tests for `issuer.description` that includes internationalization settings.
```

Author: I am not taking this suggestion as including is more active and precise than that includes.
